# Trust meter Documents
This repository contains work of the Trust meter Technical Committee.

## Contribution
The technical specification is written in Pandoc Markdown.

## Converting markdown to other formats

### Automated conversion

As changes to the technical specifcation are merged into the `main` and `draft` branches, a GitHub actions workflow is triggered to convert the technical specification into various other document formats (DOCX, EPUB, HTML, PDF).

When the documents are generated they are stored as artifacts on the workflow run for a maximum of 90 days. To access them go to the repository's [Actions](https://github.com/inclusive-design/trust-meter/actions) page. The "Generate Documents" workflow shows all of the workflow runs. They are ordered by the date run and indicate which commit and from which branch they were generated. Opening any of them will show the results of the workflow run and include the set of artifacts at the bottom. Clicking on the artifact will download a copy locally (note you may need to unzip the downloaded file).

### Using Pandoc locally

Pandoc and GNU Make are required to build rendered versions using the included makefile. A TeX installation is also necessary if PDF output is desired. HTML, PDF and Office Open XML/Microsoft Word format are generated by default when `make` is run.

If TeX is not installed and PDF output is not considered necessary, you can run `make -k` to continue processing the makefile despite the failure of the PDF target.

## Copyright
[Add license details and copyright information.]

